Clarify motivations (#271)
quicwg/ack-frequency: draft-ietf-quic-ack-frequency.md

Reducing the frequency of acknowledgments can improve connection and
endpoint performance in the following ways:

- Sending UDP datagrams can be very CPU intensive on some platforms. A data
  receiver can decrease its CPU usage by reducing the number of
  acknowledgement-only packets that it sends. Experience shows that this
  reduction can be critical for high bandwidth connections.

> - Similarly, receiving UDP datagrams can also be CPU intensive. A data sender
>   can decrease its CPU usage by reducing the number of acknowledgment-only
>   packets that it has to receive and process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Similarly, receiving UDP datagrams can also be CPU intensive. Reducing the
  acknowledgement frequency therefore also reduces the CPU usage at the data
  sender as it has to receive and process less acknowledgment-only packets.
```

>   sender as it has to receive and process less acknowledgment-only packets.

Author: ```suggestion
  sender as it has to receive and process fewer acknowledgment-only packets.
```
